Add S3 Storage, Relationships Docs (#2777)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guides/relationships.md

|Source type|The source object type to which this relationship applies.|
|Source Label|(Optional) Label for related destination objects, as displayed on the source object.|
|Source filter|(Optional) Filterset filter matching the applicable source objects of the selected type.|
|Destination type|The destination object type to which this relationship applies.|
|Destination Label|(Optional) Label for related destination objects, as displayed on the destination object.|
|Destination filter|(Optional) Filterset filter matching the applicable destination objects of the selected type.|

As seen in the table above relationships offers many additional optional options for more advanced functionality, those options will be discussed further during this user guide.

## Using a Relationship

This section will focus on examples relationships.

### Adding a Relationship

To create a relationship, navigate to **Extensibility > Data Management > Relationships**

A simple relationship between `Device to Vlan` which is a `many-to-many` relationship. This relationship is `many-to-many` because more than one Devices can be assigned more than one Vlans. This relationship object is shown below.

> ![many-to-many example](./images/relationships/01-relationships.png)

Reviewer: I'm on a bit of a quest lately to make our relationship examples more "realistic". Part of that, IMHO, is that we should almost always be specifying an appropriate `Source Label` and `Destination Label` to provide context around what the meaning of the relationship is. Having a Device view show (for example) "Configured VLANs: 3 VLANs" is a lot more meaningful than the default of "VLANs: 3 VLANs", and likewise having the VLAN view show (for example) "In use on devices: 7 devices" is better than "Devices: 7 devices".

I see that you've addressed this a bit in the next section but think it'd be good to emphasize even more.

Author: Thanks, taking a look at some options.

Author: Added some context around your suggestion @glennmatthews think this should cover it.  Happy to go into more examples if needed.

### Extensibility of a Relationship

Now that this relationship is created we can navigate over to a Device detail view and we see `VLANs` is now listed under the `Relationships` section.

![device-to-vlan relationship](./images/relationships/02-relationships.png)

What if your business requirements or terminology differs from what you want? For example lets say you want `VLANs` to be called `VIDs`, you can simply update the relationship `source label` field based on your needs.

You can see now the relationship name is `VIDs` instead of `VLANs`.

![updated-source-label](./images/relationships/03-relationships.png)

!!! info
    In a similar fashion the destination label can be changed to meet business requirements.

> Next, some of the visibility options will be discussed. The first option to be demonstrated is the ability to `Move to Advanced tab`, in some views the user may want the relationship data to be displayed on the `Advanced` tab instead of within the detail view of the object.

Reviewer: Perhaps:

```suggestion
Next, some of the visibility options will be discussed. The first option to be demonstrated is the ability to `Move to Advanced tab`. In some cases a particular relationship may not be relevant to the typical user (maybe it's used exclusively in automation) and so you may want the relationship data to be displayed on the `Advanced` tab instead of within the default detail view of the object.
```

First the option needs to be enabled.
![advanced-tab-relationship](./images/relationships/04-relationships.png)

Once the option is enabled you will see the relationship is now moved to the `Advanced` tab.

![advanced-tab-relationship-view](./images/relationships/05-relationships.png)

Another visibility option is the `Hide on Source Object` and `Hide on Destination Object`, these do exactly what you'd expect. If enabled (via checkbox) the relationship will not be displayed on the object under the `Relationships` section.

!!! info
    If the `Move to Advanced tab` and the `Hide on Object` are both enabled, the `Hide on Object` takes precedence and the relationship is not shown on the advanced tab.

> The two options above add flexibility to how the data is visualized within the Nautobot UI, the final option to enhance the relationship feature is the ability to match source or destination objects by providing a [filterset](https://docs.nautobot.com/projects/core/en/stable/models/extras/relationship/#relationship-filters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The two options above add flexibility to how the data is visualized within the Nautobot UI, the final option to enhance the relationship feature is the ability to match source or destination objects by providing a [filterset](../models/extras/relationship.md#relationship-filters).
```
